Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#46)
CUREd-Plus/cuRed: CONTRIBUTING.md

install [miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) and
then install the `pre-commit` package and install within the repository

> https://ns-rse.github.io/posts/pre-commit-r/#install-miniconda-environment

Reviewer: I'd write this as continuing the previous sentence with...

```suggestion
. This can be done from within R and there are instructions on how to do this [here](https://ns-rse.github.io/posts/pre-commit-r/#windows).
```
